# AnalyzeRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**VideoId** | **string** | The unique identifier of the video for which you wish to generate a text. | 
**Prompt** | **string** | A prompt that guides the model on the desired format or content.  &lt;Note title&#x3D;\&quot;Notes\&quot;&gt; - Even though the model behind this endpoint is trained to a high degree of accuracy, the preciseness of the generated text may vary based on the nature and quality of the video and the clarity of the prompt. - Your prompts can be instructive or descriptive, or you can also phrase them as questions. - The maximum length of a prompt is 2,000 tokens. &lt;/Note&gt;  **Examples**:  - Based on this video, I want to generate five keywords for SEO (Search Engine Optimization). - I want to generate a description for my video with the following format: Title of the video, followed by a summary in 2-3 sentences, highlighting the main topic, key events, and concluding remarks.  | 
**Temperature** | Pointer to **float32** | Controls the randomness of the text output generated by the model. A higher value generates more creative text, while a lower value produces more deterministic text output.  **Default:** 0.2 **Min:** 0 **Max:** 1  | [optional] [default to 0.2]
**Stream** | Pointer to **bool** | Set this parameter to &#x60;true&#x60; to enable streaming responses in the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;https://github.com/ndjson/ndjson-spec\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;NDJSON&lt;/a&gt; format.  **Default:** &#x60;true&#x60;  | [optional] [default to true]

## Methods

### NewAnalyzeRequest

`func NewAnalyzeRequest(videoId string, prompt string, ) *AnalyzeRequest`

NewAnalyzeRequest instantiates a new AnalyzeRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewAnalyzeRequestWithDefaults

`func NewAnalyzeRequestWithDefaults() *AnalyzeRequest`

NewAnalyzeRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new AnalyzeRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetVideoId

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetVideoId() string`

GetVideoId returns the VideoId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVideoIdOk

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetVideoIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVideoIdOk returns a tuple with the VideoId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVideoId

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) SetVideoId(v string)`

SetVideoId sets VideoId field to given value.


### GetPrompt

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetPrompt() string`

GetPrompt returns the Prompt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPromptOk

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetPromptOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPromptOk returns a tuple with the Prompt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrompt

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) SetPrompt(v string)`

SetPrompt sets Prompt field to given value.


### GetTemperature

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetTemperature() float32`

GetTemperature returns the Temperature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTemperatureOk

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetTemperatureOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTemperatureOk returns a tuple with the Temperature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTemperature

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) SetTemperature(v float32)`

SetTemperature sets Temperature field to given value.

### HasTemperature

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) HasTemperature() bool`

HasTemperature returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetStream

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetStream() bool`

GetStream returns the Stream field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStreamOk

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) GetStreamOk() (*bool, bool)`

GetStreamOk returns a tuple with the Stream field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStream

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) SetStream(v bool)`

SetStream sets Stream field to given value.

### HasStream

`func (o *AnalyzeRequest) HasStream() bool`

HasStream returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


