# SummarizeRequest

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**VideoId** | **string** | The unique identifier of the video that you want to summarize.  | 
**Type** | **string** | Specifies the type of summary. Use one of the following values:   - &#x60;summary&#x60;: A brief that encapsulates the key points of a video, presenting the most important information clearly and concisely.   - &#x60;chapter&#x60;: A chronological list of all the chapters in a video, providing a granular breakdown of its content. For each chapter, the platform returns its starting and end times, measured in seconds from the beginning of the video clip, a descriptive headline that offers a brief of the events or activities within that part of the video, and an accompanying summary that elaborates on the headline.   - &#x60;highlight&#x60;: A chronologically ordered list of the most important events within a video. Unlike chapters, highlights only capture the key moments, providing a snapshot of the video&#39;s main topics. For each highlight, the platform returns its starting and end times, measured in seconds from the beginning of the video, a title, and a brief description that captures the essence of this part of the video.  | 
**Prompt** | Pointer to **string** | Use this field to provide context for the summarization task, such as the target audience, style, tone of voice, and purpose.  &lt;Note title&#x3D;\&quot;Notes\&quot;&gt; - Your prompts can be instructive or descriptive, or you can also phrase them as questions. - The maximum length of a prompt is 2,000 tokens. &lt;/Note&gt;  **Example**: Generate a summary of this video for a social media post, up to two sentences.  | [optional] 
**Temperature** | Pointer to **float32** | Controls the randomness of the text output generated by the model. A higher value generates more creative text, while a lower value produces more deterministic text output.  **Default:** 0.2 **Min:** 0 **Max:** 1  | [optional] [default to 0.2]

## Methods

### NewSummarizeRequest

`func NewSummarizeRequest(videoId string, type_ string, ) *SummarizeRequest`

NewSummarizeRequest instantiates a new SummarizeRequest object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewSummarizeRequestWithDefaults

`func NewSummarizeRequestWithDefaults() *SummarizeRequest`

NewSummarizeRequestWithDefaults instantiates a new SummarizeRequest object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetVideoId

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetVideoId() string`

GetVideoId returns the VideoId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetVideoIdOk

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetVideoIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetVideoIdOk returns a tuple with the VideoId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetVideoId

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) SetVideoId(v string)`

SetVideoId sets VideoId field to given value.


### GetType

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetType() string`

GetType returns the Type field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTypeOk

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetTypeOk() (*string, bool)`

GetTypeOk returns a tuple with the Type field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetType

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) SetType(v string)`

SetType sets Type field to given value.


### GetPrompt

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetPrompt() string`

GetPrompt returns the Prompt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetPromptOk

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetPromptOk() (*string, bool)`

GetPromptOk returns a tuple with the Prompt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetPrompt

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) SetPrompt(v string)`

SetPrompt sets Prompt field to given value.

### HasPrompt

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) HasPrompt() bool`

HasPrompt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetTemperature

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetTemperature() float32`

GetTemperature returns the Temperature field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetTemperatureOk

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) GetTemperatureOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetTemperatureOk returns a tuple with the Temperature field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetTemperature

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) SetTemperature(v float32)`

SetTemperature sets Temperature field to given value.

### HasTemperature

`func (o *SummarizeRequest) HasTemperature() bool`

HasTemperature returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


